[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 superhero film spider-man
into the spider earth so let's get
started the film opens with a young teen
named Miles Morales living in New York
Myles is uncle Aaron Davis takes him to
an abandoned subway station to spray
paint miles is bitten by a radioactive
spider and gains spider-like abilities
Myles returns to the station and search
for the spider and comes across a
particle accelerator built by Wilson
Fisk that it's opening other dimensions
spider-man is trying to disable the
collider but is wounded and gives miles
a USB to disable the accelerator Fisk
kills spider-man miles tries out his new
abilities but damages the USB Drive
Myles meets Peter bee Parker a version
of spider-man from another dimension and
they team up to fix the USB in Fisk's
research facility they're confronted by
a scientist
Olivia Octavius who reveals that Peter
will die if he stays in their dimension
any longer
Myles and Peter are rescued by gwen
stacy spider woman from another
dimension they find Peters Aunt May
Parker who is sheltering spider-man noir
spider-ham and Penny Parker all from
other dimensions Miles offers to disable
the collider but the heroes tell him
that he lacks the experience miles
retreats to his uncle's home where he
discovers that his uncle Aaron is the
Prowler an enforcer for Fisk
he returns to May's house where penny
Parker has fixed the drive however he is
followed miles is captured by the
Prowler unwilling to kill miles Aaron is
shot by Fisk Aaron dies of his injuries
Miles masters his powers and joins the
other heroes he activates the USB Drive
sending the back home to their proper
dimensions and destroys the collider
Fisk and his enforcers are all arrested
in a post-credits scene
Miguel O'Hara aka spider-man 2099
travels to 1960s New York and argues
with spider-man so that was the spoilers
for into the spider route if you have
another film you'd like to see a spoil
please
know in the comments below check out
movie spoiler alerts on Instagram and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]